---
title: "2022"
permalink: /publications/assa-recognition-award/2022/
description: ""
third_nav_title: ASSA Recognition Award
---
## ASSA RECOGNITION AWARD, 2022
ASSA Chairman presented the Award to the following Member Organisations:

1.	Employee Trust Fund (ETF) of Brunei Darussalam: Skim Persaraan Kebangsaan (SPK) or National Retirement Scheme.
2.	National Social Security Fund of Cambodia: NSSF Member App.
3.	National Social Assistance Fund of Cambodia: Covid-19 Cash Transfer Programme for the poor and vulnerable Households in Cambodia.
4.	BPJS Kesehatan of Indonesia: Stakeholder Engagement as Inter-Institutional Relations Tools and Management.
5.	Lao Social Security Organization of Lao: Evolution-growth and development social security database system.
6.	Social Security Organization (SOCSO) of Malaysia: MY Future Jobs Satellite Centre Programme (Outreach Programme).
7.	Employee Provident Fund (EPF) of Malaysia: i-Lindung: Member Protection Plan.
8.	Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (KWAP): Implementation of Business Intelligence (BI) to improve the business processes and productivity in pension processing.
9.	Social Security Board (SSB) of Myanmar: Social Security Board responses to the COVID-19 Pandemic.
10.	Employees’ Compensation Commission (ECC) of Philippines: O-PA and ECAi, your newest ECC online buddies.
11.	Government Service Insurance System (GSIS) of Philippines: GSIS TOUCH: Providing total customer experience.
12.	Home Development Mutual Fund (HDMF) of Philippines: Virtual Pag-IBIG Mobile App.    
13.	Social Security System (SSS) of Philippines: uSSSAP Tayo Portal.
14.	Central Provident Fund Board (CPFB) of Singapore: GovCash-Solving Last Mile Challenges Paying to Unbanked Citizens.
15.	Social Security Office (SSO) of Thailand: Innovation development to expand digital services of Social Security Office. 
16.	National Health Security Office (NHSO) of Thailand: Thailand Japan Partnership Project for Global Health and Universal Health Coverage.
17.	Viet Nam Social Security (VSS) of Vietnam: Implementation of supporting policies for employees and employers effected by COVID-19 pandemic using UI fund. 
